Fix typos (#3226)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/3226.doc.rst

> Fx typos in thomson.py and mathematics.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed typos in :file:`thomson.py` and :file:`mathematics.py`.
```
